# Mape the Dancing Ape

##
Mape is a sad ape.
Mape's mom sent him
away from home.

##
Mape is very sad.
And he will not eat his
bananas.

##
Mape is very tired.
But he will not eat his
fruit.

##
Mape fell out a tree
while he was sleeping.
He hit the ground.
BOOM!!!

##
Everywhere around
Mape the bushes were
moving.
Mape did not have the
energy to run away or
climb a tree.

##
Mape was so scared!
But then an apple fell
from a tree.

##
Mape ate the apple.
Then he ran and ran,
until he could not run
anymore.

##
He did not know where
he was running to.
He just knew he had to
get away from the
bushes!

##
Mape finally got to a
field where he could
rest.
He ate many fruits to
get energy.

##
Mape had a lot of
energy from eating
fruit.
He started to dance.

##
Mape began a dancing
show for all the
animals.
Before and after the
show he would always
eat fruit to get energy.

##
The show was very
good.
Even the king of the
jungle came to watch
the show.

##
That is how Mape
became the happy,
dancing ape.

##
* License: [CC-BY-NC]
* Text: Sean Whitehead
* Illustration: Sean Whitehead
* Language: en
